you have the right to remain
[Music]
satanic
SC
Med mystery got magic leather dress
Amazon mystery got is Magic
dress mystery got magic Lea
dress mystery goddess magic leather
dress have a roll with a mystery goddess
on fire purple the hottest muffin raisin
D Elemental o l stay up on crosses M do
take no losses dark l b rain leather
whip be striking Bo just [ __ ] be hiking
Drugs sell themselves triple Bean pedal
biking top shelf your favorite makeup
Medusa let your hair out snow blind
never in a drought is that ax on your
face or powdered wig around your mouth
my Amazon chickadilla catch down south a
little road made to take you away costic
poisonous touch put you in the bleach
big biscuits onom Mia Darkness through
dreams urer come to see you the methyl
bro oh my blows in the wind mystery got
magic Lea dress
have myy got magic Le
dress welcome back to Lady Babylon in a
special late night
edition of initiating apocalypse I'm so
glad you came there were some things
there were some things that I just had
to talk about I know this was I know
this was last minute Yay good morning
South Africa good morning I know there
were some things that we had to talk
about I just want to keep everything out
in the open and sometimes it's good it's
good to be
spontaneous right so I hope you'll enjoy
your time tonight I want you to relax I
know you've had a rough day at work
just try to relax now and look at some
of these images these Avant guard images
that chewy is creating it's fantastic
you know it's the Muse when it walks
that line it walks that line that razor
thin Edge that cuts through time oh God
love it it doesn't matter where you are
it doesn't matter who you are right oh
God it's all about that
moment love it lady
Babylon all the time love it oh that's
nice thank you Gunk by the way thank you
Gunk
special special shout out to Gunk and
anybody else who by the way is
interested by the way who's interested
in learning ancient Greek and the art um
what I bring you tonight is an offering
I I knew that you would Feast upon this
so I'm going to take you in right away
almond and chewy love you too Hil Satan
forever indeed right now's not the time
for cowardice I'm bringing you somebody
tonight who is about anything but
cowardice and we are going to reach
first of all we're going to take a
little drink out of a pool just a clear
pristine pool from Antiquity with the
greatest the greatest of all artists oh
those Muses oh God we're g to take a
trip with them through a kidna through a
kidna oh who is she oh my God oh my God
are you ready and why why tell you wait
now you you Christians leave that up
there you Christians who are running out
now or closing your eyes or mentally
looking away don't don't because I'm
going to take you to your black Bible
and I'm going to show you the Akida
because you didn't know that the Akida
fought the apostles did
you did you no that Brotherhood went Toe
to Toe with the
Akida and it's in this place that they
ended up getting
crucified are you ready to stand with
someone who does not abide
tyranny I thought I was born American I
thought I
was but now it's scary
exactly that's the knife's
edge it gives you an opportunity to
prove
yourselves oh man it's like a gymnasium
it's like we're wrestling in a gymnasium
let's go let's go at it shall we oh God
today T oh yeah Teddy Bas R ran say
thank you to Teddy Bas
fantastic keep going I want to Dive
Right In people because I have the
sexiest image aolon to give you that
could ever possibly exist are you ready
turn the intellectual sexy on high as
high as it can possibly go are you ready
for her flash your name up there take
down
fantastic who is this that we have this
is
draina
delun wait what yeah draina do you know
what the Greek word draina is we don't
have this Con concept we don't have it
in
English it's the
queen who
is the head of the
mystery
act yeah the mystery initiation she is
the one whose body gives us the
communion she is the
draina and what is that what does that
mean she is the serpent
Queen of the
[Music]
uterus I told you remember everybody
we're going back to the
ladies right we're going back I'm sorry
it was this intelligence thing had to
come through the women right and so
these Cults that are Mysteries that
Judaism and Christianity are both born
from right those Cults were founded by
women so the
tech is going to go back to them right
it's all
gynecological right we're going to be
talking about a lot of drugs tonight a
lot of drugging of people a lot of
Christians drugging
people oh God now I want to give you a
heads up because I have the
dirti my climax tonight is the dirtiest
it can possibly be his historically
speaking you know as far as these texts
go this bible stuff is dirty it's dirty
and tonight I have the
dirtiest oh God I knew it you people
would be like yeah right now I don't
have a ton of sources tonight I thought
we'd just take it casually right and I'm
going to tell you this story but first
we're going to start with a
draina we're going to start with a
serpent Queen
a serpent Queen am I talking myth no I'm
talking
people that's what's so cool about this
put away your
myth tonight we're talking about people
and
anthropology so who am I talking about
I'm talking about a serpent
Queen a serpent
Queen Temple
worshippers right oh God you're going to
love it you're going to love it are you
let's just go take a portrait let's take
a picture of her and see what she looks
like go up to the next Source number two
hit it you boom right there we go what
is this I'm giving you oh God I'm giving
you he see it or something
right this is old stuff archaic are you
ready here's the
account there was
born this
oracular Divine
promise an
irresistible
portant not like anything
human or
Immortal
she
lived in a
cave and she was unafraid
her name's AK kidna and she was half
nymph and her eyes darted back and forth
cross her cheeks she was half nymph and
[Music]
half
portant half
Divine
oracular
[Music]
portant who was a
serpent yeah her her
name was a
kidna her name was a
kidna all right are you ready are you
ready to see what she's about okay again
we're anthropology and people what are
we doing right we got off the ship
awfully fast right it's okay we're
smooth tonight I just that's why I've
got us all green right I just want you
to thank that belly think of that soft
snake belly right love it love it okay
give me let's make sure we didn't miss
anyone in that yeah oh no we did here
and what is she I just want to describe
her to you people she's really fast okay
those pictures that you just saw fast
right what else oh my goodness
Oman I'm sorry people this this means
she eats
flesh she eats flesh it's not only that
you know it's a
category she's one of the flash eaters
she's one of the flash eaters okay all
right I'm going to show you where she
lives did we bring a picture did we
bring a picture with the show them
people show them yeah hit it boom this
is where she lives historically now
these are those wonderful wonderful
baths that they've got
right at pamula right the place that
we're going
tonight right the worship of
Akida came head to head with
Christianity head to-head at this spot
at this I'm not saying right on that
spot but I'm saying in this place
hopis just a city another another city
from Antiquity do we have any more
pictures no you didn't okay we didn't
bring well just stay here at the pools
it's here people you can go here I was
there I walked around in the parts that
you can you know what I mean I walked
around oh I met some nice hello ladies
anyway let's keep going give me the next
one boom oh there it is yeah no uh yeah
and what else is she so she's a flash
eater she's Z she's extra Divine oh I
love that it's got an intensifier my
intens fire in the front of it zah as in
zah
Aus the God dionis
zus right people are like
zus let's give it to him let's give it
to them all out oh yeah what else is she
oh God she's really underneath that
Earth she's in those caves right
underneath that rock
right and um look people just can we can
I give you a little bit of description
of who she is this next one I think is
best on top of all of this look yep on
top of all of this oops here's the one
for stouthearted right oh isn't that
nice who else is stouthearted like a
kidna well
Heracles right and everybody says oh
women stayed in
toys right who else the dasua dsus is oh
look we've got orphic fragments right so
of course Athena Athena what a
compliment right this is
stouthearted do you understand me where
is this virtue today where is this
virtue yes I'll bet there's some women
in the Marine Corps right I bet there's
women in the service who are like this
you know what I mean stouthearted
yeah these are these are good people and
they're half virgin half Viper do you
understand me do you understand okay
and the adal on sets give me the next
one boom people what's the best way to
describe her look at this this is the
most gorgeous thing ever right it calls
her L gray a HED she is that
mournful Viper girl under the
Earth she is an
everliving nymph I told you you said
what's a nyph that's
weird right that's weird what is a nymph
a nymph is a
spirit who
lives in a tree or in a spring
Who falls in love and if that love goes
unrequited it's time to kill
him do you understand these are Savage
they're Savage right nymphs are not what
you think they will take you and consume
your
soul isn't that nice isn't that nice
that's the that's an interesting thing
well it goes with the eating of the
flesh right now remember this is one
side of the team on the other side on
the other side is Thomas and
Bart right and th not Thomas Phillip
Phillip and Bart right they sent Thomas
to India right so right we're talking
about the guy that went to Greece anyway
anyway we're talking about Tom and Bart
here they are no Philip and B yeah
Philip and Philip's got a sister
Philip's got a sister right
where are you oh there she is hello
we're all going right now Phillip
Phillip the Apostle right he's a
teenager so here he is here he is and
here's his younger sister right he's
gonna take her now what's gonna
happen to her what's going to happen
we're going to end with her fate
it's Christians versus a kidna let's see
round one ding ding ding let's go from
the black Bible people nobody brings you
this right oh no no no we have to finish
that one what else is she look people
what else is she she's
AOS do you know what that means that
means she never ages she never ages it's
it's even further than that there is no
corruption that can be found in her
because that's what aging is it's a form
of
corruption right it's a
Thor oh it's a wasting it's a
thesis oh it's that stuff that molders
in the
ground when the pythia is slain do you
understand oh God all of this stuff is
in the Greek it's it's creepy good it's
so creepy good okay she's
unaging right unaging always at the
bloom give me the next one now we're
going to throw in this Latin just
because you know um I don't know I'm a
classical philologist I should throw in
Latin every once in a while right
classical Latin that medieval Latin can
go blank itself you know what I mean CA
that stuff blows dude um yeah it's not
until the 15th century I think did you
get that Neo stuff um with the neoterics
with uh the dude from Dracula's Army you
guys don't know about the dude from Mike
yeah Mike Mike's his name everybody go
look up Mike if you get a chance he's
complete and total
Dragon right I mean you know an
actuality you may find some interesting
things anyway talking about here line
two Aid get up here Aid wus aidai weidai
what is that it's not a virus it's a
poison the poison of a kidna like that
Spas right like that spoon that foam
that's on the mouth of Cerberus you know
you can lick that St I don't suggest you
do I don't suggest you do right it's got
aconite in it
who brought a aconite
right did somebody say
media right did somebody say
media right we're with the family the
granddaughter of the son so for those of
you who were smart enough to get your
copy of Vlad
Dracula's Warrior poet and now you can
navigate for those of you did you could
navigate bring yourself through
Helios right you're always going to come
you're always going to come to Apollo to
the music onethird of classical
education is
music imagine if every third class you
had from grade school through whatever
Advanced education you got imagine if
every third class was a music class Not
only would you know so much music but
apparently just learning that music
causes you to learn other things that
compliments The Poetry complements the
wrestling somehow right let's get naked
and wrestled said the Greeks in their
gymnasia right wow oil up let's go
notice notice we walk that fine line why
because the darkness is coming the
darkness is coming oh it's So
Beautiful to watch them to watch to
watch you bow isn't incredible to watch
you
bow put on your colors throw whatever
salute you're going to salute you are
not the greatest
Generation hail
Satan oh God give it to me it's a good
thing they let those Ghosts come up look
what am I saying in here she has a kidna
she has a wus she has a poison and what
does it cause look at the next line aor
you know what that is wanderings right
confusions right wagos right now you're
really wandering right you're a
vagabond Kaa
blindness right obl a
mentis oblivia menus what is that an
oblivion
an eraser of your mentis of your
mind what else on the next line this
this is what the drugs do people we're
talking about drugs and skus wickedness
right laas tears Rob right some of these
stuff people take it boom F start crying
ah right how it comes how it comes right
Arium craziness kaidus amor a love of
Slaughter oh God do you remember that I
told you they're giving people The
psychosis inducing drugs that make you
want to kill with an erection the whole
time and I mean both masculine and
feminine and if you're a woman and
you've never never heard of or been
around or
considered the female
erection this please please consider
it's the white chromosome right it's
damaged it's damaged right you are the
prime right your form is the prime
that's why the Greeks said what was it
79ths or something like that I can't
remember what the proportion was but 7
nths of sex is for women right something
like that right
oh God fantastic let's F you know if
they were smart enough to figure out
everything everything they did you know
maybe some of the stuff they said about
that was right too maybe when they were
saying put the drugs together you know
you got to Christ Christ this person
right oh God you want to see some drug
control now um let's go to some drug
control I think we've got one more for
her yeah one more for her NOP that's it
next one next one boom yeah um I just
want you to know that I'm going to
translate
whoever encounters her whoever engages
in an official encounter with her right
brings their day of
death brings their day of death now I
said that and I need you to continue to
create this image in your mind of the a
kidna
just as you would be doing if you had
your
horns who are we we are the companions
of death we are the companions of death
who do you think it is that you meet in
the mystery oh I'm sorry I'm sorry
should I have not have said anything I
hear profanation brings lightning right
profanation brings lightning let's hope
let's hope who do you meet in this
process you meet her it's the one thing
they could say openly right you meet
death man you meet death oh and turns
out she is sexy as she can be and if
you're a misogynist or some kind of
douche it's not going to go well it's
not going to go well no it's
not no
it's a purification remember this is
your
prison you're having this stuff purged
from you right and it's
our what's
[Music]
that excuse
me it it's his
privilege it's his privilege to be able
to bring you this purging I love it I
love it we haven't even taken the whip
out tonight see I just wanted to go soft
and just to keep things okay now look
I'm going to tell you the story now now
I have go ahead now I have a real story
to tell you I'm gonna have JY blow this
up and I'm just going to read it to you
we're these are going to go fast are you
ready this is from the act of Phillip
right this is from the AXS of Phillip
and it came about the
Savior dealt out the city and Country
to the apostles right which they had
decided from
lot right so remember Jesus is sending
out all of the Apostles to their
different areas and he's he's you know
um he's doing it now and um Phillip it
says receive the lot to go to Greece and
when Phillip you can't do that sh not
tonight because it's too it's too small
and Philip hearing the name of the
country and the city you know where the
lot was given to him to go and by the
way does anybody find it odd that Jesus
is using necromantic practices like the
casting of lots h no I didn't think so
you'd think if he were omniscient he
would have just said oh dude you're
going to India and you're going here
it'd probably get old to him right
because he knows he's ionic he's outside
of time he knows right right it's like
you look down on the time stream and see
what happens it's not a big deal right
okay are you ready for this so philli
when he heard the name of the city where
he's given the laot to go he was scat on
he had this rough look on him right and
he started
crying
wait Chewy yeah go ahead bring it
up what's with all these people crying
right come on man I don't mean to be I
don't mean to be overly testosterone
driven but I I gotta say people we keep
seeing scenes of people crying right A
lot of people crying and I don't think
getting a sign to Greece is a reason to
cry do you understand I don't think it's
this guy's a knucklehead I don't know
what he's thinking I would have been
like yeah
right go give me the next one
um yeah and so what happens what happens
um now this is where the good part comes
in so
medam who is Philip's
sister right and who is she she's the
one who prepares the bread and the salt
for the breaking of the bread that's an
official act within the mystery she's
the one who does that she's the one who
does that and Martha is the one who is
the
Deacon over the
administration to the
people right um I thought that women
were lesser than men and could not be
performing Priestly duties right there
are no Christian priestesses have you
seen a Christian Priestess and don't
tell me if you're a nun don't tell me
that don't tell me that I see you I see
you I've been around you I was I was
staying in Bethlehem when you peeped at
me I know you and what you need it's
okay it's okay we all need it you know
what I mean so let's see um yeah go back
go back what happens so she steps
forward Med right and people say oh
that's a name that's probably her Miss
shut up right shut up no it's not not
it's got perfectly fine Greek little uh
um uh Roots so I got no problem with it
yeah and what does she say she says um
look you know um I saw my brother right
and he's sitting there she sees him and
he's all weepy when he gets the thing to
go to Greece so what does she do she
goes to Jesus she goes to Jesus because
you know he doesn't have the he didn't
have what it takes you know did you see
his picture he didn't have what it takes
to be you know just a woman up and go do
what needs to be done you know what I
mean and you're like oh you're too late
it's the age of Madness yeah you're
gonna You're Gonna Miss you're gonna
miss that you're gonna miss that strong
woman pretty soon um don't tell them
they know already know it in the future
don't worry uh look people we landed
right in this right in the right spot
okay people were like was it 10 for a
reason yes it was because it had to be
10 to you understand all right let's go
okay um yeah so what is uh you know she
informs Jesus and lets him know you know
the little dude is crying give me the
next one and Jesus is like hey right
what does Jesus say to this hilarious he
says Hey chosen
lady now if you think it's weird to call
her chosen lady remember she's
officiating right she is working as a
priestess of
Christianity and people I'm telling you
before Christianity had priests it had
priestesses and I'm going to show you
what she does oh God in the
end for those of you with pure
innocence in your
heart you need I'll tell you
when but go to bed right go off and do
what you need to do or if you're in
South Africa go to work what are you
doing right okay Fantastic look there
they are did anybody catch that give me
the next one give me the next one hey
lady it is it's one of it's one of his
you know okay come on man can have some
Mojo you know what I mean come on give
it to me give it to me what happens now
so Jesus says Hey chosen lady right I
know right I know what's going on just
go with your brother whatever place that
you know he's told to go and just be
there for him I know he's a you know
he's a dude who's just kind of impulsive
and he's got kind of a temper right he's
describing him it's kind of interesting
to see right but Jesus says look I know
this dude this dude has a temper and if
uh we send him out there by himself
which by the way it's very interesting
that Jesus said if we
sin right which makes you think wait a
minute where's the power structure then
are you talking because you're talking
to her and she's actually administering
the rights do you know what this means
it looks like Jesus is using
women and that the apostles are his
boys it's
gorgeous not for the sake of its moral
failings right but the organization of
their
lastic Empire right and these boys are
getting sent
out they end up with rich people dude
all these chosen all these chosen you
know what I mean he's got to be cool
about Miss chosen lady I love that okay
and he look he says you know just go out
with him just do the best you can he
says look I'm going to send Bart and
John R I'm going to send him ahead to
the City and they're going to you know
they're going to be right in there in
the ditch with you you know what I mean
the trenches just taking all the evil
from the people there because you know
what there are people there who serve
the
Aida do you see you are not in myth
you're in history and anthropology there
are people says Jesus that serve the aid
there the mother of the serpent
and then he says hey this is what I need
you to do maram here's what I want you
to do I want you to change your
appearance right take off that feminine
form I want you to take on a form that
you can walk around with Phillip do
exactly what he does right Jesus says to
Phillip he says hey what's wrong with
you why are you afraid did you didn't
you hear when I was teaching when I said
look I'm going to send you out like
sheep in the midst of wolves Don't Be
Afraid don't be afraid of any of the
savageness right I'm going to be there
I'm your helper I'll be there I'll send
you out as my Apostles as my
students right I'll send you out as my
students and you know what you are this
is kind of creepy but I don't know if
Jesus was trying to be you know
he really does try to draw try to tow
the line for the
Magi right so what does he say here he
says you are the
radiance and I am the sun Su u n I am
the son of
righteousness the son of righteousness
you thought the son of righteousness was
so in didn't you cuz you've been reading
stupid translations from stupid
theologians who stupidly use a language
that only has 7,000 words and was flush
down history's
toilet when somebody decided to revive
it and write a book called A tal a
series series of writings and
explanations about why it is that a twoy
olds Hyman will grow back
back do you
see it's the language that hijacked the
history you have accurate texts right in
front of you that don't need a tradition
of saying well these were translated and
this was that oh God these were first
and this and this right and people the
scholars come out and they chase around
those biblical archaeologists if you can
call them that and those biblical
Scholars and
just give them
Thrills little little
psychotic little psychotic Thrills the
problem is we can't continue doing this
we can't continue we have to go back and
we have to see what the actual evidence
says that's what we have to do it's why
we're here man it's why we're here okay
let's see a little bit more it's going
to get funky are you ready what do you
think Christians like the
apostles Phillip what do you think they
do Bartholomew hey Bart St Bart Bart
what are you gonna do what are you gonna
do Bart with your sister right she's not
your sister technically but that's what
you call her Bart you walk around
calling her her sister you know why I
don't know
I don't know but you end up using her
Bart you end up using her oh my
God people wonder why Paul the Apostle
comes along and says you GNA stop doing
X Y and Z bro stuff is
dirty stuff is dirty Jesus is teaching
people to do dirty things
dirty everybody out there who wants to
know Jesus Christ he was a dirty sex
offender yeah who was publicly executed
by a bunch of angry people after they
arrested him in a public park with a
naked
kid oh did we finally get the message
through I think we finally made it I
don't know why I'm still here I think
I'm my P yeah it's still
going okay we must not have gotten
through we must not have gotten through
people give me the give me the next one
and yeah and yeah he says you're the
little raise from my head right and I'm
going to be there through thick and
through thin and the rivers and in the
Seas okay and he goes on talking you
know yay Jesus you're such a cool
Superman keep going keep going and these
many says look at this line look at this
line now this is a gym from
Antiquity there are anthropo there are
people and what do they do they
L
they what do they do they
worship
in lurgical
form an a kidna who is the mother ton of
serpent
are you ready to see her right
historically are you ready to see her oh
God she's got to she's got to have the
appeal do you know what I mean she's got
to have the appeal right it's the hunt
you didn't realize that this you're
still part of the hunting cult right oh
where are we by the way right we're in
Asia Minor right modern day Turkey we're
with worshippers of the great mother and
there are Unix for the Kingdom of Heaven
running around they say they're the only
ones who can take the vapors without
dying you know what they do they have
their things in caves I told you they
are in caves do you really want to go
you want you want to go Mater you want
to go Mater this is fantastic oh God
you're they're looking at the source of
Christianity it's so beautiful give me
that one yeah next one we're um getting
close to the climax closer and closer
what does she need to do I want you to
make note please hail Satan oh I love it
I love it in this format don't you it's
lovely by the way that painting down
there that painting down there is from
one of you it's from one of you
fantastic um maram change your form says
Jesus hide that
femininity and what are you going to do
you're going to follow along with
Phillip you're going to follow along
with Phillip and you know what else I'm
gonna send you to do to shore up this
stupid guy that I'm pimping out right
who I just dressed down for not
listening to me and telling you right
what right Jesus warns him about this
group by the way which kind of blindes
the the question why I mean why do you
need to warn your Apostles about
specific groups of people if you don't
know those specific groups of
people yes right Jesus not born in a
vacuum and he knows about
these followers of AK kidna and he knows
their cult and he knows their cult
fantastic go and you say well that's
easy he's omniscient right he didn't
know they were about to catch him when
he told Peter James John let's get out
of here right before he got arrested
so apparently in the process of the
supernatural Immaculate impregnation
there's a loss of something even Jesus
has a white chromosome oh wow I think we
just discovered something
even Jesus has a damaged
chromosome I love that I love that I
love you Jesus I love you Jesus so much
I love to talk about you all the time I
especially love it when it bothers other
people I love to think about your smooth
smooth
buttocks oh it's just not it's not
getting through tonight it's just it's
just the surface let's go please people
don't waste anybody's time here right um
people I want you to see something
really cool so hearing this philli did
one Philip and bar Bartholomew and
maryom what did they do they shook
Jesus's hand right who goodbye Savior
and they went off to the land of the
oanon right these followers of aedna and
when they came now listen to this this
is cool you thought this is a great
story tonight are you ready um they came
to the
void of the
dra they came to the
void the
Wilderness where the plural
draina
rule these are
women these are women who are in this
eaic priesthood which goes way back even
at Athens right did you ever wonder what
those early kings were half serpent half
human huh now you know right a kidna and
that blood that is so important right
that a kidnic blood all right all right
let's keep going let's keep going I get
so excited when you're going to see it
are you ready so um what do they do they
say goodbye to Jesus they're going off
they go into the Wilderness where these
draini Rule and I want you to realize
that we have documents for example
something as common and open as a play
of
escalus escalus talks about the
draina and who she is and for he gives
the historical not mythical historical
example of
agamemnon's cly of nestra right as the
draina and she is the one
who dreams of the serpent biting the
breast mixing the blood the Venom and
the
milk right the blood and the Venom and
the milk and remember the author who
composed that was also charged with
revealing the
Mysteries fantastic did you get a freebi
did you like that one it was kind of a
you know El
Elric little Jab
um yeah and look what happened so
they're walking around they're in this
Wilderness and they're just going around
it says look this giant leopard comes
out right now some we've looked at this
partially in another section but this
giant leopard comes out of this Thicket
of bushes right coming down from the
mountains and he sees the Apostles of
the Lord there and he throws himself
down at their feet and with a human
voice he speaks to them and he says I
bow to you oh Servants of the great God
and apostles of the only begotten Son of
God and then what does he say in that
last line he demands or he requests that
they give to him the ability to speak as
one initiated
are you ready for this you thought the
orphic Vox was not ever around yeah yeah
yeah yeah it is why are the Christians
using the orphic Fox right because I'm
telling you salvation in christing comes
through the medwa comes through the
media and her tradition it wasn't
started by Moses wasn't started by Jesus
do you understand say fantastic oracular
Vision right is your history what you
thought it is no of course it's not go
back to the documents people just look
at the documents and see see what kind
of anthropological light they can shine
on things give me that love it these
people know that and Phillip oh God what
did Phillip say so the leopard wants to
speak this Vox and he says you know what
in the name of Jesus Christ speak and
the
leopard right the leopard
assumed that
anthropological voice of the initiate
and he began to speak and he said are
you ready for the voice
a listen to me Phillip leader of the
nymph wait a minute what he's a nymph of
Gog you didn't even know that now some
of you really really nerdy people will
know and shame on you for being so nerdy
you'll know
MOG and you'll know what a herant and a
MOG do within rights right if you've
read enough aulus you'll know that kind
of stuff anyway he needs to be whipped
too right he needs it right wouldn't you
love to just as he's sitting there right
praying just as he's sitting there right
praying right just sneak up sneak up to
the side of him right not behind him not
in front but his heart as you can
just
oh
God love it right the demons do that
right I totally understand why that's so
pleasurable and wouldn't you wouldn't
you come on don't be a hypocrite you
would you would give it to me I hate
when he does that yes you do
10 minutes we've got 10 minutes to go
people we got to bring you to to the
edge of wow in 10 minutes and he says
look in the name of Jesus Christ speak
and the leopard says he says look you
are the nyog you are the
nyog right and he says look let me tell
you what happened one night I was
walking walking around following this
little group of
goats right come from the m mountains
and I'm in the area where the daa the
great mother of the serpents is right
and so I took one of the little kids
right one little goats and as I was
walking off to eat it in this Thicket
what happened I took a bite started
taking a bite and this little kid spoke
out in a human voice he started crying
like some little kid like a little py on
and what did he say he said oh leopard
he's like oh leopard put away your
Savage heart and your beastly
mind and make yourself
domestic wait a
minute wait a minute what what okay
right now this will sound
odd to many of you but the forced
domestication
of animals using drugs was a practice
that was honed in the late Bronze Age
and passed down to
you through accounts just like this you
cannot just drug
people into
submission you can drug anything into
submission did you know that right
they've s just like you why wouldn't
their chemistry right work on the same
well you're going to have to tweak it
for this and that and right dosages I'm
sure a dosage for them as you know giant
leopard is a lot different right but you
got to know that kind of stuff and what
are they doing they're very dangerously
feeding them drugs all the time and
pacifying them it's very odd but it
makes for a very nice collection of
friends it turns out it turns out this
is being done let me show you an example
next
one next one give it to me oh nope it's
the next one after that I want to go to
that one
actually no no no that's not it either I
guess it's coming up here I'm sorry
chewy let's just go back to this one
okay and so what happens he says look I
snatched this guy he started talking
like a human right right and he's
talking about you guys and anyway he
says you guys came over the hill
there you are you know what I mean and
so I ran over I ran over and you know
did my thing I sat down here and I told
you you know who I am you know you got
to help me you got to help me you know
what I mean I want to go with you guys
and I want you to give me the ability to
speak
freely I want you to give me free speech
I want to go around with you I want to
eat what you eat and all that kind of
stuff like that I won't put off my Beast
form
my Beast form do you hear the ancient
mystery cult how many times have I told
us in the back corners of the rooms here
with the Jesus on the wall graffiti
having the head of an ass how many times
have I told you through the trials
through the trials of those
magicians who wrote those Works about
the transforming ass how many times did
we not see the flesh eater how many
times do we not carry the dipass how
many times do we not bear The
Thirst this is all mystery
cult your religion is a
sham it is
not what it was Christianity is not
[Music]
Christianity yeah it's a far cry it's a
Far
Cry what they were doing is much more
interesting now to horrify you are you
ready I'm going to show you their
communion I'm going to show you their
communion come on bring it out let's see
what happens to Miram right give it to
me Chewy you know I'm going to desecrate
right it's just the way it is it's just
the way it is so and so the Apostle he
says to the leopard he says he says
where'd you put the kid you know what I
mean and leopard says look you know it's
sitting there under the tree you know
where I was going to eat it you know
Philip says to turns to Bart and he says
hey let's go over there and let's see
this injured thing brought back to
health and his injuries cured right and
that's pretty nice thing to do so they
went off and the leopard let him there
Phillip and led him off there to the to
where the guy was laying and he was
laying there and you know everything was
great and surprise surprise boom give me
the next one
now remember people where are we before
you stop and say oh God this fairy tale
has gotten too much right before you do
please please and don't jump to
conclusions if you you know the thing is
spinning if you come off the ride it's
going to hurt you know you're going to
break something right um what's going on
these people are in the
Aros what is the aramos
it's that
void where Jesus was able to meet the
devil after he
saw the uranos
open do you understand okay so for those
of you Smarties who are like I know
leopards don't
talk well they do if you're all on the
right
drugs and this is why every body in
heropolis is trying to get rid of
Phillip trying to get rid of him oh God
the mothers hate him the followers of
the great mother they hate him who do
you think the Priestess is that a kidna
she serves the great mother right there
in the bosom of the earth she serves the
great mother it's her oracular voice
that the Christians want to
silence and ultimate
do yeah yeah it's her oracular
voice right it's her oracular voice and
how do you silence how do you silence
her oracular voice you do it with
the the volume of a tyrant the volume of
a tyrant nobody will notice nobody will
notice by the way for those of you who
say hey almond
don't include politics I just have one
thing to say you are so stupid you are
so
stupid because you don't even re realize
polya is comes right out of ancient
Greece and my duty as a citizen comes
from every word that I
read yeah you don't even realize what
you're doing you don't realize but you
know what I'll see you I'll see you in
tardus yeah love it love it give me the
next one give me the next one don't you
love it that's free speech right look
Praise Jesus I just had some free speech
so Phillip you he says look um look what
I got to tell you is uh Jesus I love you
baby you're so philanthropic right got
all that sweetie meaty going on I'm
serious and um what does he say um look
all of this is happening so we can all
have better have faith and we can be
more filled with this power and what oh
Lord Christ come to us bring us life and
bring us that pno what's going on here
right this is an A Prayer that's being
uttered right through the writing of the
composer of whoever composed this right
this is a prayer being written through
that person's hand and what is it doing
it's summarizing why we're even here
talking to leopards and goats which if
you have never talked to leopards and
goats then don't you know don't judge
this thing right away but you know um
what is the purpose of this to
elevate to have those goats know
themselves just like you do right to
have them not to be Eaters of that flesh
right not to be Eaters of that flesh do
you see what the Christian cult is
doing they are
purifying as does any mystery now would
you like to see how they're doing it in
a way that you haven't seen before
because this is so dirty it's hard for
me to get through right it's hard for me
to to do with the utmost
professional you know attitude give it
to me next one um look people
animals drugged I know you don't believe
me just look at this one pass of Homer
right this is book 10 and it says look
we came I found this place this gorgeous
house that's built out of these giant
stones and it's in this nice little
Glenn and it's got this it's positioned
so you it can see all around it and you
know what's all around this place all
around this place are these Luco or
these w wolves from the mountains and
lions and there's this woman there
Cersei and she
K she takes over the minds of these
animals when she gives them those
powerful Wicked drugs and what do they
do they lose their capacity to want to
pounce upon you instead they s there and
they
Fawn they Fawn upon you okay all right
what is happening is a mystery operation
and the consistency through time is the
use of
pharmaceuticals to facilitate the
mystery
practice this is
Christianity this is Judy ISM and they
are
forms of
mysteries that were established a
thousand years before they ever took
them up altered them and Changed
History right these monest
beliefs these monest faiths they are not
new same thing happened to the Egyptians
and om came back and broke up the
monism right how did he do that he just
let everybody else out right fantastic I
love it I love it I love it so much give
it to me we're almost to that shocking
ending and I want people to be shocked
um look people bad drugs look at the
bottom line people say oh he's always
talking mad drugs he's always talking
mad drugs guess what the goat doesn't
care right he doesn't care look at the
line Kaka faraka that is how you control
people through the mystery it's through
Kaka faraka let me continue the story oh
God yeah so here we are we're off to see
the wizard right everybody's high as
hell here comes Mar om and philli and
Bart and they're talking to the leopard
and to the goat they've got them all
there and they're coming down on the
fifth day what they're doing this
journey and they're on the road now they
had just done their midnight or their
you know halfway through the darkness of
night
prayers and it was early right it's
about Sun's about to come up and what
happens this great dark wind suddenly
comes upon them are you ready now wait
before again before you jump to
conclusions what the hell is a dark wind
what the hell is dark just wait a great
dark
wind comes up right and from it from the
darkness comes the Great
Dragon and this great dragon is a dragon
of dark Gloom and his back is
black yeah and
his coils reflect the light like bronze
being heated in the in the spark of fire
of flame something like that and the
body of his this body of his is
stretched out over so much
space
right yeah and what
happens
this serpent serves
right the multitude serves him excuse me
the multitude who are descendants right
of these serpents they all serve
one right and this one shakes the void
right shakes the void are you hearing it
are you getting it give me the next one
this is remember this is Christian cult
early Christian cult so if you're going
to church early on this is the kind of
stuff that you're going to be getting
from people that you would call drug
users right we would call them today
drug users they called them um
Magi right fantastic and phake they
called him straight up
Pharm so look philli says hey guys we're
in deep and we need help from the Savior
remember what he said remember what the
one who was christed said he said to us
don't be afraid right don't be afraid of
persecution either or don't ready and
I'm going to totally radically alter
your understanding of the Bible right
here with this all right don't be
afraid don't fear
persecution do not fear the
serpents wait a minute the serpents wait
a minute are we G to lift up serpents
yes we are right do not fear that dark
dragon let's stand here right's getting
all getting all into it right Philip's
getting all let's stand here like
pillars of stone right in the face of
God right and destroy all the power Just
trounce all the power of the enemy they
courage will fall away right oh God and
then this is really weird he
says right let us
pray um
let us pray over the cup and sprinkle in
the
air right and um this
Darkness won't be able to cont persist
and the smoke of it will settle right
this is what's going to happen the the
smoke of it will settle now I don't know
what kind of Wizardry and when I say
Wizardry I mean drug use plus cult right
so imagine Dr drug using cult music
right
ritual right I'm not quite sure what
that means but what he advises is that
they sit here in a group this group of
people and they're using these fumigants
and they're offering these drugs and
they've got a cup that they're ecaring
just like Jesus did and he's about to
tell them I won't give it away he's
about to tell him though this energized
cup is going to be the way that we find
our way out of this battle with the O um
serpents right do you understand you
remember Jesus was stoned for 40 days
and 40 nights and the fraking
Adon right and what was he
doing what was he doing he was talking
to the devil they were negotiating he
was taking places he was
translocating
right right talk about the
Gateway portals that's what they accus
ex me of doing opening
portals oh
yeah get me the next one hurry up
they're they're like look buddy it's
late and it's a week night get to the
point look um I just want you to hear
some goofy language from the black Bible
so there so then taking their
cups right that they had eukar ised that
they had somehow um energized right what
did they say to them
right we're going to hold these things
up by the way and what what are we going
to say to we're going to say
[Music]
aan please help me to understand this
people you know what this says this says
you are the
one who brings out the fiery
do you are the one who knows that
darkness of the bridal the one who puts
the bridal into the mouth of the Dragon
that's you you are the one who pacifies
that
anger
right I want you to look at the bottom
line this last
part you're going to burn out the source
in its own
fire do you
understand they're talking to
themselves while they're using
drugs in
rights meant to interact with the
invisible right how do you think Jesus
got around after his
resurrection right how do you think he
got around dude he got around through
these people because wherever two or
three of you are gathered in my name do
you know what that means that's a magic
practice that's a holy name and the
invocation of a holy name do you know
why that is to summon that individual
you mean I can sit with another
Christian and we can use drugs and see
Jesus together yeah yeah we do and we
end up naked in these rights right
that's the way it is you want your eyes
opened you want your eyes opened or not
I thought I was going to die no no no no
you're not going to die you're going to
enter into death and you're going to be
resurrected and when you do so you will
have seen her your eyes will have been
opened do you understand you'll know why
you're here you won't be afraid because
you know that when she comes again for
you you'll know what to expect you'll
know who she is no problem right do you
see how it works oh God the Christians
know this
right how do they summon
Jesus they summon him together in the
operation of the Mysteries and those are
dirty Mysteries are you ready to see how
dirty they are give them to me let's see
what she does who wants to see bring her
back up chewy just bring up her picture
please this this is Miram bring her
bring her back up yeah um Philip's
sister Philip S she is going to carry
the right
remember teenage
sister right and she is going to carry
the right do you remember n uh
Nicola he was doing the same thing with
his
wife right allowing her to carry the
right let's see what it means let's see
what it means let's see where she goes
let's see where she goes and let's see
what the Akida does let's go give it to
me give it to me so um yeah Philip
turning he said to Bartholomew and to
marom he said now you know what I mean
now is the time as they're going through
their ceremony now is the time to raise
up our hands with this cup this cup that
is charged by you and now get this what
else are we're going to do we're going
to
sprinkle in the
air the sign of the
cross and when we do you're going to see
the
glory of the powerful
one all right so again remember why they
didn't want these to be in the Bible
because now what do you have to do when
your congregation comes to you and
you're like dude I want some of this cup
thing right and I want to be able to see
Jesus right what what are you g to do
when your congregation comes to you and
says no no no no your faith thing is
[ __ ] um I want to see the dude you
know first of all I'll be happy if I can
hear him if you can project his voice in
here f i g have a conversation with him
where I can hear him fine but I'd prefer
if I can go to the second stage and I
can see him I'd really prefer that
vampire Jesus is way better let me tell
you something when you've seen vampire
Jesus you don't you don't have to go
back to Faith you don't have to go back
to Faith no you just now you're just
looking around a corner every time you
wake up or you get out of the shower you
just looking for vampire Jesus because
you know he can show up Suddenly out of
nowhere Mary almost crapped her pants
when he did it she ran inside her house
who knows maybe she did little bit of
poop right why why because all of a
sudden Dude shows up blah
right God you have to find an antidote I
agree who is that Ruby's nice love it
fishing Adventures give it to me give it
to me we're almost done people are you
ready I'm going to show you what she's
doing but first we have to hit
these yeah okay um so yeah go back one
yeah and so what happens so they're
holding up the cup and they said look
we're going to make this sign across
you're going to see the glory and what
happens then immediately there was this
lightning of
fire yeah and it just totally blinded
the dragon and those who are in the
power right of that dragon and what
happens they all now listen you're going
to recognize this they became paralyzed
the dragon and the serpents um who are
the dra who are the dragon is the leader
and the serpents right who are these
serpents they're the ones who um serve
the Oracle right in heropolis or pomoca
whatever you want to call them
right those people they serve the Oracle
there oh I forgot to tell you it's an
oracle of
Hades right it's an oracle of Hades
didn't you think it would be right after
all where does this Great Serpent live
lives in tardus right this is a way to
go to that serpent to gain that oracular
knowledge you bring that back right into
new New Life can't be affected right
that second death fantastic love it love
it it's good stuff give me the next one
give me the next one and what happens so
this boom flash of lightning right
everybody's blinded ah right and they
couldn't see and the apostles like ah
and they're all closing their eyes right
but you know snakes can't close their
eyes right are these actual snakes are
these people where are we we are at the
Akida who is half virgin half Viper do
you understand these people are very
dangerous by the way and they will eat
you so I would highly recommend that you
don't mess with them don't mess with
them I don't know what these Christians
are thaning right um um they do end up
getting crucified right um anyway and
it's a it's a Marvel to see anyway let's
keep going let's keep going in the
sister right Miram what does she say
she's sitting there um this is in the
future so anyway great brilliant boom
battle between serpents their leader and
Christians right we've got a lot of
stuff going on where do we next find
Mary om she's sitting finally here at
the entry to the household of stakus
right who's he who cares um and what
happens to everybody that comes into the
estate she sang persuading them to
listen to the apostles and what they are
saying right she's saying look my
brothers were sons of a father in uro in
the heavens right and you
are his wealth and his
Beauty and you are that that real
practice of the city right that real
Joy oh God that that this God
provides right for those who love him so
she's sitting out there creating a ramp
to the apostles and let's see what
happens because they're going to go in
in a minute so they'll gather people
together and then they'll go in and
they'll do rights and we're going to see
go ahead we're going to see what she
does in the rights oh god um these
rights that the Christians do will
enable you to walk upon those traps of
the enemy okay I'm using the the Lang
the language the lingo of the cult what
are traps pagidas you know what pagis
means it's something that sticks you and
holds you that you can't get away from
like a
woman do you
understand this says you will tread upon
those traps of the enemy why because
that ofus is who we're talking about
that Serpent and his ways crooked right
he's the son of
wickedness right and there is in him the
poison of
wickedness the devil is his father wait
what I thought he was the devil well
that was an
interesting the devil is his father the
one who is the friend of death do you
understand that if you want to see death
you're going to have to come through
death's friend and it turns
out she death has a friend and he is the
devil and that's why the serpent works
for both him and
her it's fantastic is it not it's
fantastic gorgeous give me the next one
we're almost through it and look people
I want you to see who's who's a kid in I
mean who is the mother of all this is
corruption Man Thor and I want you to
notice that the word for corruption or
deterioration is also the word for
seduction and the word for
abortion seduction and
abortion I want you to see that what the
Christians are doing is reforming the
cult they're taking the great
mother Maya her Aida there dethroning
her her Aida is the Priestess who
functions she is the
Oracle right what do the Christians do
everywhere they go they destroy oracles
and as a result they get put into prison
or they get exiled in this case they get
executed did you notice that with Paul
and the pythia did you know how he got
crap beat out of him for that what did
he do they are
sexual
reformers when they take
athia and do to her what Jesus did to
that naked kid in a public park called
gimy right they ruin
it they ruin
it they Purge the person and they ruin
the Oracle and for that they get kicked
out that's why everybody reads the book
of Acts and they're like what the hell
is going on who is this the pythia what
is that right you're seeing the pythia
remember
python
snake Okay love it give me the next next
one here we are and
oh look I just want to see here's a
couple of things he was talking about
this that's not the totally most
relevant hang on a second second um I
want you to look at the very
bottom look I want you to flee from the
devil right I want you to flee from the
devil and why is that
because you don't want the EOS the Venom
poured into your mouth right you don't
want that to be on your lips
do you understand the Venom of the
devil right do you understand how this R
is going to work do you now know why the
drugs are important but they always say
the song that she sings is the most
important yeah it's that logos and that
logos comes from those
lips do you understand that's real power
that is the power okay now let's see
what happens to her we've only got two
more let's see what happens to her oh no
let's go to oh wait wait hang on a
second oh well I I just want to point
out yeah
um the people that came out to meet
Phillip it was a big crowd of these
people who worshiped the Akida right
these followers of the great mother and
um I just want you to realize that they
were the ones who were creating these
images that they were then performing
rights with and they called harapos this
is a good bit of History they called
heropolis
oror as a result
Orum right um something something along
the lines of the place of or the way of
the
serpent right isn't that nice okay now
let's see what happens to her all are
you ready are you ready so okay a lot of
bad things happening the apostles killed
these serpents these sons of the
Goddess right and they totally um they
locked up the heon the holy place and
they made the altar to be totally
ineffective right and what did they do
um they failed to provide right they
failed to provide that blood see the
Akida
was going to drink their
blood yeah she was going to drink their
blood so what is the what does the
Apostle say he says look if you really
no I mean this is not the Apostle this
is the pissed off people who were trying
to get the
apostles um held responsible for killing
people and being involved in some bad
stuff and he says look if you want to
know what these Magi really are he says
look at how look at what they want to do
when they try to bamboozle you right he
says they're always going around and
they're always saying you know find find
this live your life in Holiness and you
know separation from what's wrong and
have faith to God and they're always
talking this way you know and
um the problem is right oh and he says
somehow you know they don't end up
drinking that blood right anyway it's a
lot of blood and um guarding of the city
and what ultimately happens in the end
he says look you want to know what
should really be done with these
Christians let me show you what they do
let me show you what they do so he
strips Phillip he takes all of Phillip's
clothes off right and why does he do
that because he wants to find his
Maga he wants to find his magic what is
that his drugs his drugs I am not
kidding you his drugs and his drug
applying
implements right everything that he's
going to be using in a right on his
sister do you understand everybody is a
sister and a brother in Christ do you
understand and what is he going to do
Philip does what um they strip philli
down because they're pissed off and then
they strip Bart down right and then they
come to
maryom and they drag her they drag her
into this public place right and they
say let's take all her clothes off so
that we can see right everybody can see
her that she is the type of woman who
Services all these men she most
especially
right she even controls it over the
women she holds it over the women she
engages in this with the
women yeah yeah and what did the leader
right what what's going on he says um
the leader of the group says okay here's
what we're going to do I want you to go
to the center of the city to the city
Circle it says and I want all men you
know to know to be summoned in order
that they can see This Woman's
shame we're talking about Miram they can
see her shame and what is her shame
right that she served in this way as a
Magus to have intercourse with all of
these men right with all of them it says
to be effed by all of them so it's a
little bit it's a little bit harsher I
say um to have intercourse with
right but it's really it's the you can
really just put it an F there um so what
are the
authorities and harapa saying about
Mar that she is that Central dispenser
she becomes the cup within the right for
those other people and it's not just men
that she is bringing to sexual climax as
a Christian working with Jesus because
you remember Jesus is the one who gave
her the instructions to do all this
right if you have not yet realized that
Christianity is a sex cult driven by
drugs um you're not facing reality lots
of nakedness lots of miners running
around lots of just dirty dirty
things I want to thank you for coming
tonight this message had a
particular a particular weight because
for us to see the
Akida for us to really look into the
heart of the mystery is to see right
through all those monest forms of
corruption into what ultimately was the
spark that drove the mystery I love it I
love it thank you for coming tonight I
want to say everybody who and your most
outstanding comments thank you for
coming and do not do not be
afraid the darkness The Edge that's
bringing to the to the um to this
gorgeous gorgeous story is just you know
it's worth it baby so hang in there
we'll get through it Hil Satan mystery
goddess magic Le dress on
onia from vria with love Venus
illumination Hil Satan perfume
intoxication The Cauldron boiling up Tri
the butter hot purple sticky Bud Black
Water mystery I dream a genie living in
the Palace of the king Meda call me sing
The Muse more magic than aladine my
syllables are Greek original Sorcerers
Hood bang and run the streets gangst to
Jesus and the disciples caught in the
night impostures of the mystery child in
the fearers that sell blood and garbage
design of drugs will be crucified flesh
e to dust to dust the bones are
pulverized mystery got it magic Lea
dress mystery got it magic Lea dress
[Music]